Introduction

The field of data that will be utilized for this project will belong to different components from various backgrounds. It will include health components as the question is focused on a virus, COVID-19. The data needs to collect residents from Florida who have tested for the virus and number of deaths from the virus. In addition, the dataset will include population density factors, such as size of county and number of residents within that area. The dataset will be divided into counties. This is relevant as it allows the viewer to understand how external factors can contribute to contracting the deadly virus. Also, the data will include the income and employment status. This will play a role in determining if affluent neighbors play a heavy influence in reducing deaths and contractions of COVID-19.

Dataset
The datasets we selected contain demographic, socioeconomic, health care, education and transit data for each county in the 50 states and Washington DC. There are 348 features available for the 3143 county records however we will only focus on a subset of those features which apply for the Florida counties. The dataset does unfortunately contain some missing values though they are typically for the number of households in a county which is not a feature we aim to analyze. The variables we are considering are the population density of each county, median household income, age profiles of each county (how many people there are in different age ranges), number of Covid tests and the number of Covid related deaths. The data is numerical in nature.

Research Questions:
The main question is on what hotspot counties are there an increased risk of contracting the virus in Florida. To answer this research question, we will explore various types of variables that contribute to making an area a hotspot for contracting the disease. The problem can be identified as a classification problem as the answer consists of dividing the dataset into various classes to help distinguish which county is the most prone in contracting and spreading COVID-19.
